Updates README.md (#6)
kubewarden/community: README.md

# community

This repository aims to document the evolution process of The Kubewarden
Project.

It provides a space for the community to work together, discuss ideas, and
document processes. It is also a place to make decisions that regard the whole
[Kubewarden](https://github.com/kubewarden) organization and define rules and
structures that span beyond the extent of a single repository.

**Table of Contents**

 - [Code Of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
 - [Maintainers](#maintainers)
 - [Repositories](#repositories)
   * [Repositories Guidelines](./REPOSITORIES.md)
   * [Core](#core)
   * [Infra](#infra)
   * [Policies](#policies)
   * [Special](#special)
   * [Archived](#archived)
 - [Contributing](#contributing)

## Code Of Conduct

We follow the [CNCF Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/main/code-of-conduct.md).

Please contact
[cncf-kubewarden-maintainers@lists.cncf.io](mailto:cncf-kubewarden-maintainers@lists.cncf.io)
or the Linux Foundation mediator, Mishi Choudhary

> [mishi@linux.com](mailto:mishi@linux.com) to report an issue.

Reviewer: I am surprised that we need to specify a specific person address.
What if that person stop working for the LF?

Reviewer: Just to clarify that my comment is not a blocker but just a notice. Feel free to close it if we can't use a "generic" email address

Author: Good question, I was following the Falco example and just copy this paragraph. But you're right. I need to double check if I should do that.

Author: Reading the CNCF documentation I found better information to use in this section. Therefore, I've updated the content. ;)

# community

This repository aims to document the evolution process of The Kubewarden
Project.

It provides a space for the community to work together, discuss ideas, and
document processes. It is also a place to make decisions that regard the whole
[Kubewarden](https://github.com/kubewarden) organization and define rules and
structures that span beyond the extent of a single repository.

**Table of Contents**

 - [Code Of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
 - [Maintainers](#maintainers)
 - [Repositories](#repositories)
   * [Repositories Guidelines](./REPOSITORIES.md)
   * [Core](#core)
   * [Infra](#infra)
   * [Policies](#policies)
   * [Special](#special)
   * [Archived](#archived)
 - [Contributing](#contributing)
 - [Security policy](#security-policy)

>  - [Join the Community](#join-the-community)

Reviewer 2: where does this go?

Author: To the other sections in the README file.

Author: I just noticed that there are some broken links. I'll fix it.

Author: Fixed.

which outlines its purpose, and a *[status](./REPOSITORIES.md#status)* that
indicates its maturity level.

For more detailed information, please refer to the
[REPOSITORIES.md](./REPOSITORIES.md) file.

In the sections that follow, we present the repositories, grouped by their
*scope*.

Furthermore, some of the roles of the components listed below are described in the
[components.md](./components.md) file.

### Core

[![Kubewarden Core
Repository](./badges/kubewarden-core.svg)](./REPOSITORIES.md#core-scope)

Core repositories, are critically important as they are essential for building,
installing, running and using Kubewarden.

| NAME                                                                                    | STATUS                                                                                                                                                               | DESCRIPTION |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |

> | [kubewarden/kubewarden-controller](https://github.com/kubewarden/kubewarden-controller) | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |          Manage admission policies in your Kubernetes cluster with ease   |
> | [kubewarden/policy-server](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-server)                 | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |           Webhook server that evaluates WebAssembly policies to validate Kubernetes requests   |
> | [kubewarden/audit-scanner](https://github.com/kubewarden/audit-scanner)                 | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |             Reports evaluation of existing Kubernetes resources with your already deployed Kubewarden policies|
> | [kubewarden/policy-evaluator](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-evaluator)           | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |           Crate used by Kubewarden that is able to evaluate policies with a given input, request to evaluate and settings.   |
> | [kubewarden/policy-fetcher](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-fetcher/)              | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |             Crate used by Kubewarden that is able to pull policies from OCI registries and HTTP servers. |
> | [kubewarden/kwctl](https://github.com/kubewarden/kwctl/)              | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |          Go-to CLI tool for Kubewarden users   |
> | [kubewarden/helm-charts](https://github.com/kubewarden/helm-charts)                     | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |            Helm charts for the Kubewarden project   |

Reviewer 3: I've just put the most important repos (from a user POV) first, I've also done some small change to the policy-evaluator and policy-fetcher descriptions

```suggestion
| [kubewarden/kubewarden-controller](https://github.com/kubewarden/kubewarden-controller) | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |          Manage admission policies in your Kubernetes cluster with ease   |
| [kubewarden/policy-server](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-server)                 | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |           Webhook server that evaluates WebAssembly policies to validate Kubernetes requests   |
| [kubewarden/audit-scanner](https://github.com/kubewarden/audit-scanner)                 | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |             Reports evaluation of existing Kubernetes resources with your already deployed Kubewarden policies|
| [kubewarden/kwctl](https://github.com/kubewarden/kwctl/)              | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |          Go-to CLI tool for Kubewarden users   |
| [kubewarden/helm-charts](https://github.com/kubewarden/helm-charts)                     | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |            Helm charts for the Kubewarden project   |
| [kubewarden/policy-evaluator](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-evaluator)           | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |           Rust library used by Kubewarden to evaluate policies with a given input, request to evaluate and settings.   |
| [kubewarden/policy-fetcher](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-fetcher/)              | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable) |             Rust library used by Kubewarden to pull policies from OCI registries and HTTP servers. |
```

| [kubewarden/rancher-kubectl-builder](https://github.com/kubewarden/rancher-kubectl-builder)                                                           | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              Workflow to rebuild and sign rancher/kubectl image|
| [kubewarden/github-actions](https://github.com/kubewarden/github-actions)                                                                                  | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              GitHub actions used by the Kubewarden project|
| [kubewarden/kubewarden-end-to-end-tests](https://github.com/kubewarden/kubewarden-end-to-end-tests)                                                        | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              Files used to run Kubewarden end-to-end tests|

> ### Policies

Reviewer 3: I would do the following changes if possible:

* Put the repos in alphabetical order (if it's not too much, I hope you used a script to generate the table, maybe we could add a `status` label to the repos and build everything via script)
* Create a new section with the policy templates:
  * Go, Rust, OPA, Gatekeeper: stable
  * DotNet: incubation
  * Swift: sandbox

| [kubewarden/policy-sdk-go](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-sdk-go)                                                                            | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              Kubewarden Policy SDK for the Go programming language|
| [kubewarden/policy-sdk-swift](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-sdk-swift)                                                                   | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              Kubewarden Policy SDK for the Swift programming language|

> | [kubewarden/cel-policy](https://github.com/kubewarden/cel-policy)                                                                                                  | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              A policy that can run CEL expressions|

Reviewer 4: I think the cel-policy repo should be in incubating status for now.

Reviewer 3: Yes, I agree

Author: Yes, as I said during a daily, we should review the status. I've added the same status for all the policies to make my life easier during the table writing. :)

Thanks for doing that!

| [kubewarden/strfmt](https://github.com/kubewarden/strfmt)                                                                            | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              A stripped down version of go-openapi/strfrm that works with TinyGo|
| [kubewarden/k8s-objects](https://github.com/kubewarden/k8s-objects)                                                                       | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              Experimental: Kubernetes Go types that can be used with TinyGo|
| [kubewarden/utils](https://github.com/kubewarden/utils)                                                                                             | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              Utils scripts used by the Kubewarden team and users.|

> | [kubewarden/policy-hub](https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-hub)                                                                                            | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              A place where to find and discover policies|

Reviewer 3: I've archived that

| [kubewarden/gtmpl-rust](https://github.com/kubewarden/gtmpl-rust)                                                                                                          | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |              golang text/template for rust|

> | [kubewarden/hugo-gh-pages](https://github.com/kubewarden/hugo-gh-pages)                                                                           | [![Stable](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-stable-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/kubewarden/community/blob/main/REPOSITORIES.md#stable)      |             Build and Publish Your Hugo Site to GitHub Pages|

Reviewer 3: This is archived, we might even drop it
